So let's take a look at a concrete example how to use and abuse classifier in order to classify the
data set.
So first of all we have to read the data set.
We have the features and target we are going to use 80 percent of the data for the training procedure
and 20 percent of the dataset is for testing purposes.
What's important that we have these added classifier imported from stickit learn and there are lots
of lots of paramita as we can define.
So if we take a look at the concrete documentation we can see that we have the base estimator we have
the number of estimators we have a learning grade and we have an algorithm.
So the base estimator has a different well you Decision Tree classifier.
Basically this is the underlying model.
We are going to use in one of the previous lectures we have been talking about a concrete example for
boosting and we have used decision trees as the underlying model.
So boosting in our example uses decision Changs So decision trees we did that one in every iteration.
So it is going to create the first decision tree.
The second decision tree classifier disarrayed decision tree classifier.
And finally it is going to combine these classifiers in order to end up with a strong classification
algorithm.
So here the underlying model is decision trees.
So that's why the default value of the Beys estimator is Decision Tree classifier.
But basically you can use what ever you prefer.
You can use for example support vector classifier.
You can use for example a Navy base classifier but usually a decision tree classifier use.
So that's why the default value is Decision Tree classifier.
The second important parameter we have to consider is the number of estimators.
So the maximum number of estimators Edwidge boosting is terminated in case of a perfect fated learning
procedure.
It started early and the default value is 50.
Basically the number of estimators is equal to the number of iterations.
So we just have to make lots of lots of iterations and in every iteration boosting algorithm is going
to use a new age X we cloner in order to end up with the strong classifier.
So that's why in every iteration we are going to use an additional classifier.
So the number of estimators is equal to the number of our weekly earner's being used for the final capital
Ajax model.
OK so if we make and iterations it means that we are going to use an age X we learners in order to come
up with a strong classifier.
OK so the number of estimators default value is 50.
So there are 50 iterations which means that we are going to combine 50 Lerner's decision tree classifiers
basically in order to end up with the final strong to classify algorithm.
OK then we have the learning rate.
So the learning rate shrinks the country Dushan of each classifier by these learning great Peramivir
the default is ECOs to 1 in our example we will use one as well.
So we use number of estimators 100.
So we will make a hundred iterations bought in case of perfect fit the learning procedure established
early.
OK.
And because we do not specify the estimator that's why decision to reclassify or it is going to be used
under the hood.
OK let's talk a bit about the algorithm.
So there are two algorithms as a M M E and as a M and the data are basically Deezer approaches are very
very similar to Adebayo stagger rhythms.
There are one or two additional assumptions and basically these assumptions make sure that the final
algorithms will converge faster.
OK by the way these S A and E stands for C command shell additive modeling with the multiclass exponential
loss function.
So one of the assumptions is that we are going to use an exponential loss function.
OK.
So these are the most relevant features we have to deal with.
And if we run the algorithm with number of estimators 100 learning rate one and the underlying model
is going to be decision trees.
So added bous classifier is going to create a hundred weak classifiers and these weak classifiers are
a decision tree classifiers in order to solve this iris dataset problem.
So if we run the algorithm the accuracy can be won which means that 100 percent accuracy.
So the manages to classify all the samples correctly of course sci fi We ran the algorithm the accuracy
may reduce it is approximately 97 percent accuracy.
But what's important that we are able to use a boost in order to come up with a very very strong classification
algorithm as you can see 97 percent accuracy 100 percent accuracy.
So it is working quite fine if we keep combining the learners so weak decision tree Changs we are able
to end up with a strong classification algorithm with high accuracy.
Thanks for watching.